# Projects-Files-Auto-Loader

# PS: I was in rush while I was writing the extension, just to help me load automatically generated Javascript Files from TypeScript build

Using this extension you can watch project folders generated from outside the Visual Studio IDE, and then, include them automatically to the project. The extension will be called after every "Solution" background load completed. a so-called "projectFilesLoader" json file will be created and included to each solution's project, and it composed from two properties. the former is an array of current watched directory as a semi path format (i.e. begain from the project directory path). and the latter is an array of targeted extensions that developer wished to include automatically. the "dir" is an epithet expresses the directory watching.



Click right on any project's directory and then click on enable/disable watch. The first click is to enable the auto-include watcher and the next is to disable it. You can notice this by changes performed on the json config file. We recommand to use this method to include and exclude directories. while the direct edit of the json config is watchable we do not recommend it except on setting extentions types. and you have to follow the same format and writting style to update the autogenerated format


# TODO (Try Branch)

1 - Add Window tool (console UI) to add/remove the extensions rather than editting from the json file. 
  > if someone, during adding new extension, pressed (save) on e.g. [-js] rather than [.js] exception will be thrown

2 - make json file for readonly, prevent from edit

3 - list the current watched directories using ConsoleUi

4 - add watcher for delete case/ move case and so on

5 - Optimize the code

6- Summary and documentry

7- readme details and GIF sample

